Fresh Food Company/Broward Dining
2.2 (19 reviews)

(352) 392-8801

Get Directions: 1560 Inner Dr University of Florida Gainesville, FL 32611


Recommended Reviews



Sofia K.
FL, FL
Oct 29, 2022

The plates and silverware are so dirty which is not good bc everyone is sick or is getting sick.

The food is meh which is expected but pink chicken and uncooked rice like really those things can be fixed and should be



建辉
State College, PA
Aug 27, 2022

This place is getting much worse than it used to be in the last semester. The meat, no matter in which station, is always being cooked. That means the lines are extremely long and many people can't even get any meat at all. If students do not have enough protein, they will be dumb and weak.
Further, they do not serve any yoghurt anymore, while they used to have strawberry and vanilla yoghurt in the previous semesters.
The milk station doesn't have fat free milk any more. And the milk they are serving is always out of order. Always. I ended up eating my cereal with Diet Pepsi.



Griffin C.
Gainesville, FL
Sep 13, 2022

Honestly, best food spot in Gainesville. Whenever I walk in here, I know I'm about to chow down. To start it off, gotta grab a delicious smoothie. As the strawberries and bananas melt on my tongue, I know I'm about to have a good meal. Following up the smoothie, gotta feast on some chicken tenders. As I grub on the chicken , I think to myself .. damn... I love this place.



Matthew L.
Gainesville, FL
Jul 23, 2018

Oh college food...I love you, I hate you, and I really do not miss you. What I am saying is if it is free it is pretty good, if I have to pay, I'd rather go to a buffet like Golden Corral or some other buffet. The Fresh Food Company is no different. Shitty college dorm food made by people who could care less about their job and more about who's hitting up their phones.

Inside this cafeteria you will find several different stations with employees who are not the nicest in the world. You will find the hot bar which usually had some kind of burger on it. Watch hot for the plates as they set them on the hot plate to keep them warm and they can potentially burn your hands. This happened to me the most recent time which was not fun.

They have a nice salad bar and this is usually what I get. Also they have a omelet station, pizza station, cereal, sandwich, and dessert stations.

Its kinda crazy to me that a school of UF's size only had two dining halls which is just crazy. The food=not so good. The quality=poor. I can see why they do not require to have a meal plan, cause they would all not gain the normal freshmen 15 eating at this place.



Mike W.
Gainesville, FL
Jan 28, 2011

Updated review
Just a quick update to my previous review since I recently ate here with a friend who is a student at UF. For what it is, which is college food, Broward is really good overall. Moreover, the staff is very friendly and variety of foods is ample, especially at dinnertime.

Some advice from my experiences: get the fish, as there is almost always at lunch and dinner some form of fish and it's always very good--a lot better than you'd expect, actually, for institutional food. Also, their pasta dishes which the cooks make there while you wait are often very good. They have fresh fruit and often cookies and the cookies are great, too. If you don't see the pizza you want or there's only a couple slices left, wait ten minutes and they may well have put a whole new pizza out, especially during peak hours. It's like any buffet: go for what appears newest and freshest. But if they have fish, do get their fish--they know what they're doing with fishes!

Previous review
The Fresh Food Company is located on the UF campus at the Broward Dining complex on Inner Drive. This makes the location handy for a number of dorms located near 13th Street (vs. those located closer to University Avenue) and also the Architecture Building, Fine Arts, and Little Hall. While Broward Dining is mainly filled with undergrads who live on campus, you will now and then see architecture faculty eating here too.

Like many dorm dining halls nowadays, Broward is set up in an open buffet style where you pay upon entering (either cash, credit card, or declining balance/meal plan via your Gator1). The buffet is in theory all you can eat, but you're expected to be respectful and not waste food, of course, and that said there's a lot to pick from here. The have a variety of dishes prepared and set out so you can just grab a plate of, say, fish with yellow rice, and take it to your table but also they have stations to carve turkey, ham, or whatever and stations to make things like sub sandwiches and their "Fresh Mex Burrito Bar", which does what it says on the tin. They also have good desserts most of the time.

Oh, and the fish, which they almost always have in some form as a dinner choice, is very, very, good. Their pizza is ok, but nothing too special. I've not tried their sandwiches.

Now, Fresh Food Company at Broward is not fancy, not at all. This is college grub, but it's very good for what it is, and the staff is very friendly. Due to the number of kids eating at any given time it can be loud in here but it's always a happy atmosphere and a good deal for college students. Their brunches (which are also a buffet) are also great for students. Some of my friends at UF had a low or at least indifferent opinion of Broward Dining but I tell them that as I've dined at dorns at the Savannah College of Art and Design, Geogia Southern, RISD, and Cal Berkeley, I can attest that UF has some pretty good dorm chow actually. It is what it is, but it's about as good as you can get for this type of food.



Ryan W.
Gainesville, FL
Mar 21, 2014

I haven't died yet. That's a plus. They are a bit unreliable when it comes to having food, especially during high traffic times and nearing close. My major gripe however lies with what I like to call "Phase 3 Chili". It is evident that the meat in the chili is not necessarily fresh. Due to texture and tenderness it can be inferred that the meat may be on its third leg, breakfast sausage, followed by taco meat being the first two stages....
However the dessert station is slamming. The confections completely outperform that of Broward's vastly inferior, and barbaric cousin Gator D.
Pretty good for cafeteria food.



Rachel S.
Gainesville, FL
Feb 20, 2019

Look, when you decide to eat at a dining hall, you don't expect much, especially when you're 26 and know better. The familiar smell of Broward dining brings me back to freshmen year of college when I had a meal plan and ate almost every meal here. The food is a solid 3 stars but you have to be smart about what you pick to eat, like with any buffet. Pick the food that's just been made and hot, go for the vegan options (they have to use higher quality ingredients), if you're gonna eat the pizza get a cup of ranch to dip it in to save it, and eat a cookie (or 10). The coffee and ice cream are surprisingly good too, so definitely grab a pick me up before you leave.
All in all, if you're on campus and starving, this is an affordable all you can eat option that isn't Krishna on campus.




Kenneth R.
Berkeley, CA
Mar 28, 2018

As far as I can discern, this Fresh Food Company is a private college dining hall that caters to faculty, staff and campus visitors as well as to students. The entry price for lunch was something on the order of $7.50 -- not ridiculously expensive. Once inside, you can have whatever pleases you in whatever quantities you prefer. College dining folk have banished the phrase "all you can eat"; instead they say that people can have as little or as much as they want in their establishments.

An example: you can step up to the espresso bar and order a double espresso -- the incremental price for this drink is $0. I did just this and thought that the drink I was served was totally palatable. I grabbed a cupcake from the display near the espresso machine and deemed the cupcake to be edible as well.

I also sampled some spinach leaves from the salad bar; a slice of cheese pizza; a plate on which there was a big piece of a small chicken, some freedom fries and a bit of corn-okra vegetable mush. None of this was awful. I feel that I got my money's worth, and then some.

The main problem with places like this is that diners find the offerings to be monotonous if they come back day after day. I am just a casual visitor and may never come back. For me, this dining outpost was A-OK.



Nick G.
Gainesville, FL
Jan 16, 2020

The one good thing I can say about the food is that it's consistent. I do like their take on the Swamp Burger though, and their staff treats you like family.



Nicholas C.
Gainesville, FL
Feb 20, 2019

Sometimes you're on campus, hungry, and want to relive that undergraduate fantasy by going to one of the campus dining halls. You keep your expectations low and plan on eating the cookies if nothing else. Some of the food is solidly good, other food not so much, however if you are looking to get a lot of ok food for about 9 bucks, you can always go to Fresh Food Company. The desert bar is usually solid, and there is always a large selection of other food to choose from. Often the vegan bar has some of the best food out due to being almost forced into using higher quality ingredients. Overall, it's not a great time, but it's not a bad time when you go to a campus dining hall.



Nishant G.
Atlanta, GA
Feb 4, 2017

I feel sorry for every Gator that got conned into a meal plan. The food here just flat out sucks. Everything tastes bland and low-quality. I don't know what food tier this company purchased from Sysco, but it might be the lowest. Complete, complete shit.

Do yourself a favor: Come here one night and try the food yourself, but not during orientation! Do not trust the food during Orientation! I believe it's meant to be higher quality so that you'll get conned into buying a huge plan for your child or yourself.

Oh yeah, staff is stand-offish and items are limited. But that's secondary to how crappy the food is here.

0 stars if I could. There's nothing fresh about Fresh Food Company.



Henry A.
San Francisco, CA
Feb 26, 2019

Updated review
The fresh food company is anything it fresh. They leave their food out as long as they possibly can, then reuse the leftovers the next day. You will often find pizza topped with yesterday's or that mornings breakfast, or soft tacos with leftovers from yesterday's sandwiches (which is btw a very gross use of leftovers). Often I feel like I was sucker punched in the intestines after eating this food. Also: I have been eating from this "restaurant" for two years now. Every semester, they find ways to cut corners, and it shows. For example, a year ago they had a sushi chef come in every Thursday to make fresh sushi, and it was good! They also used to have country style gravy next to their syrup and oatmeal in the morning. Also (the main reason I bought a meal plan again), they used to serve freshly baked chicken breasts all day following breakfast, which was a great and cheap source of post workout protein. I loved this, however all of these features were removed and replaced by substances I would hardly call food (either reused leftovers or the worlds toughest "meat"). Also I often see the staff just standing around and chatting instead of preparing more food or serving guests. This leads to situations where many stations are let unmanned and shaves down the already sparse amount of options to even less things to eat. The current state of this dinning hall is atrocious and I would recommend that NO ONE BUY A MEAL PLAN until they improve the quality and variety of food served, and stop serving disgusting leftovers like everyone's mother does (because if you want leftovers just eat at home and don't buy a meal plan), but cutlery that works (the knives aren't sharp at all), and hire staff that aren't members of society's least competent humans. I wish I could give zero stars.

Pevious Review
I have had a meal plan for two years now, and while the food sucks, there are still pros in addition to the numerous cons.

Pros: it makes eating easy if you're lazy like I am because you don't have to meal prep. This is especially useful if you want a large breakfast and you don't want to cook it yourself.

Cons: The food is the absolutely the biggest pile of garbage I have ever tasted in my life. They call themselves the "fresh food" company, yet every time I eat there they find ways to recycle every single leftover they can. This means they end up with the world's cheapest hamburger patty topped with spaghetti sauce, or tacos with old and dry sliced up chicken patties. Both of these are very disgusting. Also, freshman year I believed the food couldn't get worse, so I bought a meal plan again just because I loved getting fresh breakfast sausage and an omelette and putting gravy on them. While I'm aware it would clog my arteries, at least it was a nice way to start the day. They also had fresh sushi that was prepared right in front of you. Yet sophomore year, they got rid of all of that food (except the omelettes, which are really hot or miss depending on which staff member prepares them). They now serve nasty, cold, and over cooked turkey sausage patties and got rid of the gravy and sushi all together. So somehow they managed to make the food worse and cut yet another corner. The staff consists of poor, underpaid, people who couldn't give less of a crap about customer satisfaction or how good the food is. They have been snappy and rude to me many times. I don't blame the lower level employees, because I assume they are only paid pennies or else the food would be better. I blame whatever cheap scape con artist piece of shit that manages/owns this "dining hall" (more like cattle trough). What's also bad is the fact that only half the dining hall is ever open in order to cut costs. The sandwich station is closed for half the day as well as the horrible trash that replaced the sushi station (which is their take on healthy food, but in reality it's another way to serve old leftovers from garbage people didn't want to eat. Some days it's literally the same thing that's being served at the hot food station, which is a testament to their laziness and cheapness). I will not be paying for this over priced harrowing experience ever again, as it costs nearly 4000 a year for a decent meal plan or $7-9 per meal without a meal plan. It makes me regret being lazy and not food prepping. Even the cutlery is crap. The "knives" are just dull metal sticks with the illusion of a serrated side, this makes cutting the worlds toughest, lowest-quality, and often over cooked meat a major pain.

To sum it up, I'd rather eat prison food, because at least I'm not paying money to eat that disgusting garbage, the tax payers are.



Abby W.
Riverview, FL
Nov 10, 2018

A lot of times I have a hard time finding something to eat but I eat there at least twice a day with the meal plan. They have really good veggies and their desserts and omelettes are pretty good. Also the chicken pot pie is awesome. It's not bad but gets tiring with meal plan



Jonathan B.
Bradford, PA
Sep 18, 2018

I have avoided this place for the past four years of my college experience, and every visit reaffirms that I was right in doing so. Expensive without a meal plan, but even more expensive to have one, the Fresh Food Company is basically just the same generic Aramark food served at prisons, only in a prettier building and you're not getting it for free. The quality isn't always bad per se, but it's also usually not good. The underpaid people in the kitchen (and the rest of the staff) do their best, but when you're given prison-quality food ingredients to work with there's only so much you can do. Here are some things you'll find at the Fresh Food Company:
-Knives that are fake-- like, they have no blade, just a flat piece of metal with some ridges along one side to give the illusion of being serrated; they have no more cutting ability than a fork. I'm assuming that's just another prison artifact, but it makes cutting through the world's least tender meat a whole lot harder.
-Not a whole lot of food. The food always seems to be almost gone save for a couple disparate odds and ends, forcing you to stay longer than planned waiting for more to be brought out.
-The loudest people on campus, all congregated under one roof in groups of three and engaging in perpetual shouting contests.
-Nowhere to sit, if you aren't careful and come here during normal lunch or dinner times. They don't seem to monitor the number of people they let in, and at the very least you run the risk of having to share a table with strangers. God help you if you came alone and weren't looking to make awkward acquaintances with three loud freshman athletes.

...Isn't college great?
If you're really determined to eat dining hall food, go to Gator Corner Dining Center on Stadium rd. It at least consistently has food, and it's got some better spots for inconspicuously eating by yourself so that you don't feel like a 30-year-old man alone at Chuck e Cheese.



Jennifer V.
Gainesville, FL
Aug 8, 2019

Worst location to eat on campus. They are rude and unprofessional. No idea how they get hired. They are snarky. I walked in smiling at the women making omelette in the morning on August 8th and she proceeds to look me disgusted and angry, asking "well are you gonna want an omelette or something over there" the attitude you get here is disgusting. They lack common courtesy and manners. This place is the ghetto of dining locations at the University of Florida. Might as well get rid of it, it is not doing much service. Go to gator corner instead. I hope management sees this and fires this woman. Actually disgusting. Previous occasions: spoiled milk, dirty utensils, workers everywhere laughing across the room and ignoring you completely.



Zach K.
Gainesville, FL
Oct 28, 2017

If you want left over, reheated, and recycled food this is the place for you. I am a student at UF and I can say with confidence that over the past half of the semester my stomach has felt like a speed bag for Mike Tyson because of this place. The food is beyond disgusting. As you put the substance on your plate you can watch the staff's eyes fill with sorrow for you digestive system. They tend to use ingredients from other dishes to put into random dishes (i.e. Spaghetti sauce on a burger, taco ground beef over mashed potatoes.) I bought a meal plan based on what I had at preview, WHAT A MISTAKE. Broward dining keeps half of the dining hall open the majority of the time so you don't even get the punishing food of your choice. My parents wasted money on the worst food I have had in my life and I think this establishment has easily taken 1-2 years off of my life expectancy. I come to this place knowing it's garbage an expecting nothing, yet am left disappointed as I leave. Stay away from here and FOR THE LOVE OF GOD SOMEONE SHUT THIS PLACE DOWN.



Siri B.
Gainesville, FL
Aug 30, 2015


came in for late lunch, no fish here today. got soup & salad which was not bad but tables are dirty.



Tyler M.
Port Jefferson, NY
Dec 6, 2015

Little to no selection, just pizza and cereal with the occasional processed meat burger or chicken patties. Omelet station, sandwich station and occasional real chicken/steak make this place decent but definitely not worth the 10$ entry fee, worth more like 5$



Daniel J.
Crawfordville, FL
Mar 16, 2015

Never anything new. Always the same stations with the same foods. Staff is rude and unwilling to do their jobs